# LabDAO Tech Team Meetings 04 May 2022

## Atlantic

On Call:
Aakaash M
Kelvin W
Niklas R
Mike P
Lily HG
Hossam Z 


### Webtools
---
Take existing webtools with poor UI and adapt them to be more usable for a general audience. 
* Automate with bots 
* Standardize I/O
* Reduce UI complications

These include:
*    https://rosie.rosettacommons.org/antibody/submit
*    https://services.healthtech.dtu.dk/service.php?LYRA-1.0
*    https://services.healthtech.dtu.dk/service.php?LYRA-1.0
*    http://opig.stats.ox.ac.uk/webapps/newsabdab/sabpred/tap_results/20220504_0376062
*    http://opig.stats.ox.ac.uk/webapps/newsabdab/sabpred/tap_results/20220504_0376062
*    http://opig.stats.ox.ac.uk/webapps/newsabdab/sabpred/tap_results/20220504_0376062

Goal: Outsource the computations to other people's infrasctrure while standardizing the input and output. Also chain these services together to provide one tool that takes a process from beginning to end in a single process.

Issues: Non standardized I/O amongst  different web tools 
Hope to integrate IP NFTS in a standard format such that a bot can parse these inputs, run through a webtool, and restandardize the output for either return to the user or to be run through another tool. 

Theory: Daisy chain services into one chain to get a full computational pipeline.

Additionally use these web apps to define and develop a cohesive standard for LabDAO IP-NFTs. Data standard will be applied further to new uncoming tools and more generally across the protocol.


### Image Analysis Team 
---

Team is applying new open source tools for potantially useful image processing applications. Working on dockerizing to make apps and tools runnable from the command line, ifguring out the compute and harmonizing tools used within the team. 
Will work to make the tools cohesive with eachother and standardize the I/O while keeping the applications atomic. 

Pathology Correction Tool:
*    Works on a docker containier 
*    Potentially integrate with NextFlow

### Other Tech Team Stuff 

General Notes:
*    Launching the CLI has some complications 
*    Few minor bugs that just need to be ironed out 
*    Move it to alchemy 
*    Aplhafold?
*    Issues:
    *    Estuary Token Issue 
    *    RPC Config is broken 
    *    Fix is currently ellusive 

Short term goal is to launch an app for proof of concept purposes. Likely to be Protein Docking algo from stanley. 

Contingent on making a functional CLI.

### Faucets for our Test Net 

How do we make a faucet accessible to a non-web3 user?

Implement a method for telling new users to claim test net tokens through the CLI. 

Tokens via QR code?
Goal: Avoid the bad UI and manual operations of current faucets with limited functionality. 
--Develop internal faucet for labdao. 

### Smart Contracts 

Metadata Structure: 
Working on building a coheive knowledge graph across all IP-NFTs that is parseable. Interconnection through metadata JSONs to be integrated as NFTs to also make knowledge deterministically accessible though standard tree traversal.

Lots of work to be done on making the knowledge tree simple to understand and make it query-able, especially for the average scientist. 

Additionally, plan to move the docs public and reach out to developer DAO in order to find exploits in the smart contracts. Find bugs and create patches in an open source manner. 
Security through decentralization.
When docs are posted, language review is requested to improve clarity. Anyone who is interested ask Aakaash.

### Web3 Dev Onboarding?

How do we get people to contribute?
We cannot compete with $20k bounties for finding exploits.
Work with Dev DAO to expand knowledge and get people to test/dev tech.

Ethernaut for training and fun?
https://ethernaut.openzeppelin.com

Good video for intro to IPFS:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5Uj6uR3fp-U&t=385s





